# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User stories translate the users' desires into a clear deliverable. It communicates to the development team what needs to be accomplished to make the product more successful. To create these user stories, one must listen to the needs of the user and carefully extract the core of what concrete feature the user actually wants. In a software project, this needs to be something which can be programmed.
# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
The best way to start a development project is to create an outline of what you need from the project. Then translate that into a list of real, programmable features. Then, pick your team and the software you will need to use for this project and get started programming. The Agile methodology will take you a long way from this starting point. To enhance my programming in the future, I will incorporate Sprints. Sprints help you divide up a large project into many small, realistic goals. As someone with ADHD, dividing up tasks into smaller tasks is extremely useful in my life, and I believe it will make me a better programmer as well.
# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
In softare development, being a good team member is about knowing your role in the larger team. No one can build a giant piece of software by themself. In an effective development team, everyone contributes their own unique skills to make something greater than anything any one member could make on their own.
